{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-Black;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Arial-BoldMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset77 AndaleMono;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset77 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12040\viewh16140\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\qc

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Crimson FX v1.0b5\

\f1\fs24 \'a92005 Naked Software / Jeff LaMarche\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\qc

\f2\b0 \cf0 nakesdsoftware@mac.com
\f3 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Crimson FX is an effect generator for Quicktime movies and DV streams designed to make adding laser and light blade effects (and possibly other effects) as easy as possible. I decided to write Crimson FX after reading a posting on BoingBoing (http://www.boingboing.net/) about how to create rotoscoped Light Saber effects. Unfortunately, it required quite a chunk of expensive and complicated software to do it. I figured not everybody who would want to make their own home-rolled laser and light saber effects would have access to those fine programs, so I sat down and hacked one out. Fortunately, I was able to re-use a lot of code I'd written over the course of a couple of years. It took me just a few days to get a working copy. Then I got busy with work and life, and forgot about it.\
\
It's kind of hard not to remember something like this with all the Star Wars hoopla, however. I thought for some time about what terms to license it under, but being that the inspiration for the program came from BoingBoing, I'd release it under Cory's preferred license - the Creative Commons license. Feel free to use it, modify it, remix it, whatever! If you do something cool, I'd love a copy!\
\
This is a beta product, and as such, you can expect to encounter bugs while using it. If you do, please feel free to report them to me at nakedsoftware@mac.com, and I will endeavor to resolve them. Check the included FAQ before writing me, however, as you may be reporting a known issue.\
\
Feedback is certainly welcome. \
\
Jeff LaMarche\
nakedsoftware@mac.com\
March 14, 2005}